welcome again to ask chef Tony today we
are going to focus on a new segment
quick dishes quick pasta dishes that can
be put together start to finish 15-20
minutes to put on the table guaranteed
you're gonna have some of these most
famous Italian fancy pastas under 15-20
minutes to your table buon appetito the
pick up today is carbonara well let's
get started in Rome the carbonara is
almost like a good morning you know how
you doing
carbonara you know so we're gonna make
carbonara it's another very very quick
actually is even quicker and faster than
many other dish what are we going to do
as though the pasta is boiling we got
some eggs
mostly egg yolks with a little bit of
the egg whites I have here three egg
yolks and one whole egg we season that
with little pepper maybe salt not much
because we also gonna add some Parmesan
or pecorino pecorino is even saltier
than parmigiano so you can have to judge
yourself about that and we separate we
we are going to sautee some pancetta one
Charlie if you can get hold of that you
cannot find that in America maybe maybe
you could substitute with bacon the only
situation that is bacon is smoked and so
it's got a little bit of a smoky flavor
which contradict with the actually
original race
we are going to start by putting a
little bit of olive oil some prefer to
just use butter some use nothing I I add
a little oil to just get the whole
process started and I add my 1 shallot
so now as I do this and I'm going to get
a little bit of a crisp but also live as
we see it easily I'm going to get a
little bit of browning here I got my
eggs
remember it's mostly egg yolks with a
little bit of the egg white I'm going to
put parmigiano some fresh pepper so I'm
going to mix everything and wait for the
whole thing to pull together here we are
need to drain a beautiful pasta right
there going back to the pot hot pot with
our crunchy one charlie
this is when we add our mixture of eggs
and parmigiano or pecorino romano right
there we mix it in and we at this point
we even put some of the pasta in the
bowl and get all the goodies out of
there and this is ready to serve
we don't want to cook her we don't want
them do scrambled eggs we don't want to
do
like that there you go another easy easy
dish right there put it on the plate you
got a meal and of course don't forget to
subscribe
you